Hey, good evening family. Thank you for
joining us again tonight. It's Diana and
Brandon.
So, thank you all for joining us.
We're going to pray tonight and we're
just going to seek the Lord and we'll go
over some of the things that we
talked about—not the last video, but the
video before. I felt like that was... I
told Braden, I said, 'For all the things
the Lord showed us, that was a video that
you just don't want to just take a
quick summary of things;
you want to go over it pretty well, you
know, with a fine-tooth comb, because
of all the things the Lord showed
us.'So,
I don't know if there's any of you
all that had questions or not, but I
guess you can just go ahead and
show some of the things that are
happening in the news. Son, I knew you
had some articles and things that you
were looking at.
So,
how do we start? What do you want
to do?
Yeah, do you want to start the
video? Because I have to start when you were
praying over malls and you started
singing about,
'You got this
here.'Maduro.
Okay, go ahead with Maduro.
Go. What is that?
Do you have your glasses? 'Trump warns that his
days are
numbered.'Oh,
you can't show it, can
you? Okay.
'Trump warns
Maduro's days are
numbered,'just
like the Lord showed us.
Remember what the Lord has... when
we've been praying, I saw him like a
Gaddafi, like a Saddam,
and that he would be overthrown in the
days ahead, and that Venezuela would
have a major revival; that God was going
to visit Venezuela with this,
going through South America, and
that a major revival would take place
all throughout South America.
Venezuela is one of the places
where
there's been a stronghold of witchcraft
and all this darkness
over this nation, and the Lord said he
was bringing freedom. Now, do I believe
it has everything to do with the
drugs and everything? No. I believe it
has to do with big oil. I believe it has
a lot to do with big oil from what the
Lord has shown me concerning the oil
derricks
and all the major refineries and
the things coming. And so, just like
I don't believe that
Iraq was weapons of mass
destruction—a
lot of it, you know, I believe they
probably had some, but do I believe it
was as much as what we were told?
Probably not. I believe it had to do
with oil also. But, what is that?
'Maduro says the real reason for Trump's
Venezuelan fixation is
oil.'Yeah,
so even Maduro believes it, that
it has to do with the oil. And so he
believes that the fixation is oil and
he's talking about it. So even the
president—or
prime minister, whatever he
is—the
president of Venezuela is even
saying that Trump's fixation is oil. So,
you know, and we love President Trump, we
pray for him all the time, but
he's a businessman. So,
it's a serious situation. But we
know what's coming because
the Holy Spirit has warned us. You know,
it's amazing. All glory to
God, ladies and gentlemen, whenever he
comes and he tells us way in advance
what's going to start coming up in the
news weeks later. And here we are.
We've given these words and the Lord's
showing us these things and we've been
talking—how
long has
this
been going on? People say, 'Well, you
just came up with this in the last
couple days and it's in the news all the
time.'So,
of course, it's... no, no,
no. We've been talking; the Lord has
been showing us this stuff since 2023.
Yes. And I have... you can go look at my
archives. We even made a video of it,
saying all this. But I'm not like
the Lord... Brandon, you don't
have to sit there and try to validate
the word; the word will validate itself.
But here is one that I thought was
interesting concerning Ukraine.
And this is Don Jr. at some kind of
DHA—what
is that? I don't know.
Forum. I don't know. Yeah, it's
some kind of... he's talking and he's
taking questions and he's talking about
the United States of America. So, I want
you to hear what Don Jr. says about
Ukraine and the things that I've talked
about: the corruption, from the Holy
Spirit warning us about this. Now, we're
hearing him have an interview, and I
believe this interview took place a
couple of days ago. So, go ahead and
play that because I like this. This was
pretty interesting to me.
Can you play it?
Yeah.
Okay.
'...and we were driving around and on an
average day 50% of the
supercars—the
Bugattis, the Ferraris, the this—all had
Ukrainian plates. Do we think that was
actually earned in Ukraine? I'd been to
Ukraine 20 years ago. It wasn't like
there was a plethora of wealth there.
And yet you see the number two there
getting arrested for stealing hundreds
of millions of dollars. You hear all the
rumors about what's going on. When I see
every license plate on a supercar in
Monaco being Bugattis—the rich fled.
They let what they believed to be the
peasant class fight these wars and there
was no incentive to stop because as long
as the money train was coming and they
were stealing it and no one was auditing
anything, the leaders, the decision
makers... there was no reason for them to
ever come to peace. No different than
Putin. It wasn't the sons of oligarchs
that were fighting these wars. It's
someone from Siberia that they're
sending there, and he utilized the war
to rebuild his manufacturing base. It
was very clear that the sanctions that
we put on did nothing to actually help.
All it did was jack up the price of oil,
which allowed him to basically pay for
the war with the delta between the two
while building up his manufacturing
base. There was no incentive for anyone
to ever get to the table. Zelensky knew
he wouldn't win another election again,
and they were continuing to steal. Putin
was building up his manufacturing base,
and all we had in the wake was millions
of young men dying for nothing.
I mean, obviously, Ukraine has a massive
corruption issue and, as you say, they...
it was a far more corrupt country than
Russia as delegated by the United States
government prior to this war, but then
because of the war and because he's one
of the great marketers of all times,
Zelensky
became a borderline deity,
especially to the left where he could do
no wrong. He was beyond reproach. Years
of corruption, years of graft and theft
on a world stage that everyone in this
room knew was happening was totally
absolved, and it's ridiculous. We're
not dealing in
reality.''But
is your hunch that President Trump
is going to walk
away?''I
think he may. What's good about my
father and what's unique about my father
is you don't know what he's going to do.
The fact that he's not predictable,
he's
not following the playbook of every
clown who's, again, been a bureaucrat for
decades—you
don't know. And so that forces
everyone to actually deal in an
intellectually honest capacity, which
has not happened in far too
long.''I
want to ask you about Elon Musk
because, of course, your company, 1789,
is
deeply invested in many of Elon's
companies. I mean, speaking of
mediation, have you guys played a role
in... we've seen the
relationship...'That's
very interesting because
it's talking about the corruption... he's talking
about the corruption that we've
been talking about on this channel, but
the Holy Spirit has warned us about for
over a year, well over two
years. And it's amazing that this stuff
is coming out in the news now. Whenever
I was shown the private jet and I saw
Zelensky
trying to flee because he
knows his life's in danger. I saw a
firefight and I saw
briefcases full of $100 bills and the
Lord showed me $100 million cash and the
Lord said, 'This is part of the money
he's been storing it back, Brandon. This
is part of the things that you're going
to see in the days ahead... a
new government being
placed in...'and that's whenever I
saw it forked off.
There were two different decisions that
could be made, and this is what we are
praying into about these major decisions
in the spirit realm. Now, I see in part
here. People say, "Well, don't you
know what decision is supposed to be
made?"Well,
not what the Lord showed me. He
showed me to pray this way: that there
were
two different forks—that we could go
this way or it was going to go this way.
Now, as an intercessor and as I pray, if
the Lord doesn't give me more than that,
then I just go by what He
shows me. So, I see the poking
of the bear with the Tomahawk missiles.
I saw the United States of
America. I've told you that
we give Zelensky Tomahawk missiles.
Somebody does. I don't know
if they're Tomahawks or if they're from
someone
like France that has these
red-tipped
missiles, because I said they're
missiles. Whatever these are,
they are long-range
missiles that will hit the Kremlin.
And when they did this,
I saw a great escalation of war with a
poking of the bear. When this happened,
then I saw, of course,
how
Putin would
act:
ballistic.
I saw a forking off. I saw the puppet
strings of Zelensky being cut by the
United States of America and by
Russia. They cut the strings. He was a
puppet, a Pinocchio, and his nose was
long because he's a liar. He's a liar. And
the Lord showed me that he was a puppet,
a marionette, like a little puppet. And
as he was being played by Macron,
who
was the puppet master—but it was not
Macron.
It was the business suits that
were
in direct relationship with
Satan. And the devil was
talking to these businessmen on how to
manipulate the economy and bring
forth the beast system for the end
times,
trying to accelerate this in 2026
for digital IDs
and a
digital dollar to set this up to ruin
the euro and bring forth the brand new
system of the end times.
And I told you all a thousand
times—it
feels like it, though probably not, it's an
exaggeration—but
the Lord said to me,
"Trump is the log in the road."And I
saw an oak tree that was cut off
and laid across the lanes of a highway.
He made everybody stop while
he was president. And the Lord
said, "I'm giving you a window of time
of now three years and three
weeks."Three
years, three weeks, but whatever
it is, until his term
is
up.
I'm just trying to do the math.
The Lord didn't say I have to... He
told me the time frame. So now I
go back in my mind: how long until the
next administration takes over? So it's
me doing the math, which is probably off
until his term. So three years
and
subtract parts.
Yeah, and so I just subtract it. So
I'm just saying that's how
long. I know that time frame. I'm
giving you that time frame. It was three
years and six months, three years and
four months, three more, and
it keeps going down. And so I know the
time frame. What the Lord said is, "I'm
giving you a reprieve.
What will you do with the time that I
have given you?"He says it over and over
again. So, here we are
in
December, and we see all the
things that Trump's trying to do. And so
as we were looking into
that, I saw this fork in the road and I
saw a proxy government,
Trump's plan lining up to tell Putin,
"Listen, we'll give you..."I saw a line
being drawn from Kyiv all the way down
to split Ukraine
to give Putin what he wanted to
bring
an agreement of peace. So we see Zelensky
saying—do
you have that
article?—whenever
he said, "I'm not going to
split the land. I'm not giving any of
the land. We're willing to fight.
We'll fight this out."I gave it to you.
If you don't have it, that's fine. I'm
throwing you off, I'm sorry.
Maybe...
well, I see, it's on the
text messages between me and him. I gave
it. Zelensky says right here, "I'm not
giving any of the land up. The land is
not... I'm not going
to
do anything as far
as..."so
him fighting to stay in power, him
fighting to do all the things
that the Lord has showed us. But I saw
the line being drawn. But remember, I saw
Zelensky
looking over his
shoulder, looking at Macron
for
help. And then I saw Italy, and I
saw all these things about Germany
and the other nations in the EU coming
to try to come up with a plan outside of
Trump. As Trump was standing on a
pedestal
and he was cracking his whip toward the
bear, he was cracking his whip towards
Kim Jong-un. He was cracking his whip
towards China, and they were pausing for
a second. But the Lord said, "They are only
pausing, Brandon.
They're not completely being tamed;
they're only being delayed
for what's coming in the days
ahead."So,
do you have that?
Yeah. Is that
it?
Yeah. Go ahead. So, that's what
Zelensky
is saying right here. Do you
have that? Are you showing them?
So, he's saying, "I'm not giving you the
land. We're not going to give it
to them."So,
then Putin went and just blew him up
with all those drones and all
those
things, saying, "Okay, well then I'm
going to
bring it on more."So, we see that.
Anything else you want to see? Show
us before I just go into more things
than what I was shown.
No
more
articles? Nothing?
Yeah, you showed
them that.
Okay. If you want to
go over the vision, you're going to have
to help me
because there's so much about
it. I saw the cruise ships. I saw the
cruise ships sailing through the
Caribbean—not
the Mediterranean, I'm
sorry—the
Caribbean cruise ships.
The cruise ships are down by
Jamaica and all those areas down there,
the Caribbean. And as they
were going, I saw a little
speedboat, like one of those
black
inner-tube
boats
that looked like something
the military
would use on a river. And
they were coming up beside the
cruise ship, and they had some sticky
substance and they slapped this
device that looked like a briefcase.
They slapped this thing on the
side of a cruise ship. And as they
were going away, they had a remote
detonator
and they detonated the cruise ship.
I saw Royal Caribbean on the side of the
boat. But the Lord said, "This is not
a
drug cartel. This is an act of war from
Venezuela for an escalation of things
concerning their country."They know they
cannot defeat the United States
military, so they're going to try to
attack the economy
in retaliation to their
leader—in
retaliation for not
being able to
combat war because
they don't have anything sophisticated
compared to us. So, I saw cruise
ships being a target in the Caribbean,
and I saw Royal Caribbean
and I saw Carnival Cruise.
It was one ship of Carnival Cruise and
then there were several that were
Royal Caribbean.
And as they got close to Cuba, they
came
off of Cuba.
They were harboring
them.
There was military, and that's
why the Lord said they will make it look
like it's a drug cartel, but it is not.
This is an act of war from
Venezuela in retaliation to
America.
And they said, "If we can't go
against their military, then we'll go
against their
economy."So
I
saw
them
trying
to cripple the cruise
industry
and
all the money trying to come in.
Now, then I saw praying about Disney,
Orlando, Florida in
particular—praying
over Disney and Universal Studios,
things like that. Praying for our major
tourist industry down in Florida
where people
gather a lot. And I saw strategic plans
to infiltrate the security of
Mickey Mouse, Magic Kingdom, and such.
So that was important. I tried to go
over that. Then I saw Elon Musk
being blackmailed by mainstream media
in the days ahead with major lawsuits.
I saw the EU attacking him
mercilessly
all throughout Europe. They start
attacking him through 2026, 2027, and
2028 to shut down X, trying to come
against him with lawsuit after lawsuit.
This included Canada
and Australia in the days ahead. I saw the
far-left
trying to
come against him for freedom of speech,
bringing that into their nation to
try to keep him occupied
by taking down X. The Lord warned us
about this.
Now people are saying, "Brandon, did
you see the news?"Well, it is in the news that
a
$160 million lawsuit is
coming against them from the EU.
This is the first
of
many. I saw all this
scandal coming against him because
the Lord said specifically that if they can
control your media—because
they are
losing their
influence—they
have to get a foothold to
get a stronghold.
Then they will try to
control your food supply and what you
are
being fed. I
did not
mean
any
offense to the Chinese people because
our Chinese channel is watching. Hello
everybody, we love you. For all you
Asians, if you love to eat worm
burgers and cricket burgers, it
is
just not an
American Western thing. I
am
not trying to be rude to you. I know we
are
going to translate this; you
going to
be watching this in a day or so. Braden
will have it up for you. We love
you. If you like that stuff, I
am
excited for you, but that is not for me. I do not want to be
fake; I am just telling you it is
not me. I
am
not going to eat a
worm burger. You all
said you enjoy
your worm burgers, and that is cool
for you. I
have
talked to
people
around the world, folks. I
am
just being real;
I
do
not
want any
grasshoppers—deep-fried, sautéed,
or chocolate-covered—I
do not
want it.
They
are
going to control the
food in America in the days ahead. This
was the same thing the Lord
was talking about: the chemicals in the
food concerning testosterone and
estrogen dominance in men's bodies,
messing up fertility so
you do
not have
many
children. These fertility issues
involve
hormones
in
your
foods with GMOs and all the things the
Lord has warned us about. I believe
this is why he has been talking
about growing your own garden, having
your own chicken eggs, and
doing things that
are self-sustaining
because of all the stuff they
are
putting in our food.
When I brought the bread to you, the
Lord said, "Teach them about
the bread and what you
are doing."This
is not a
home cooking channel, but I will
do it. I am obedient to what he
says immediately. It
is
amazing; these
are
the things the Lord is warning the
body of Christ about because of the end
times where we are, and my people
perish for lack of knowledge.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? He sees so
far in advance and shows us
the enemy's plans.
I told
everybody before, it is like
if you ever go to Chuck
E. Cheese
or one of those
whack-a-moles,
they have those little
things you can hit in the head as they
pop up. You know where that
little
whack-a-mole
is
coming up next.
That's what we're doing in
prayer: hitting those
whack-a-moles
in the head
with a mallet. The
devil is
fixing to stick
his head up again, so the Lord is
showing us ahead of time and we
are
putting out the fires before they
start. If you are listening to the
Spirit of God in these last days, you
are
going to know exactly that the whack-a-mole
is
just by
design. He is
here to kill, steal, and destroy. But we
know that God has come that we might
have life and life more abundantly. We
are
already ahead of the
whack-a-mole.
We know his nature; he
is
going to stick his head up, so I
am
just going to hit him before he
comes up. I am anticipating
him sticking his head up out of the
ground, and I am going to knock him in the
head.
Let's just knock him
down and get
points for it. That
is
where we are in
these end times.
The enemy has a
plan, but God has a greater plan.
I
saw a big strategy table, and Lucifer was
at one end with his demons. These
principalities were surrounding
the
table,
and he was yelling and
violent,
strategizing
and
slapping the table with a stick
because he said, "This will
work."He
was
hitting
the
table and devising a plan with
his demons for how they could try to
overthrow and combat the body of
Christ. We know in part and see in
part, so we kept praying into that.
The next strategy is
that
ABC,
NBC, CBS, and CNN are losing their foothold. They
are
losing their relevancy. I
know I butcher it and Sister Clipboard
will
come out, but
they
are
losing
their relevancy. Because of this,
the Lord said they will come out
with a plan for 2026
and 2028 to bring forth more
relevancy
so they get a foothold back in the
media. They have to have the media to
lie to you with fake news because the
masses believe the nonsense. But
with
alternative media like Elon Musk, the
Lord said they will come
against him and his finances very hard
concerning X.
Mark Zuckerberg was a compliant pushover. He
is
a
far-leftist,
in my opinion.
They
would flag your posts like
they did with COVID.
The Lord said censoring
is coming back in a greater measure,
especially in Canada,
Australia,
any Asian nation,
or Europe. They
will
say
it
is unverified
and
all their
other
nonsense.
They will
censor everything in
the days ahead
and
push their
narrative.
Then I saw black swan events
coming to keep you occupied. They want
your attention
like a horse with blinders.
They will
censor you and keep your eyes focused on
what they want
by coming against this man with
frivolous
lawsuits.
I'm telling you these big
words—Brandon's
just simple. I
know
Sister
Clipboard will come out and tell me,
"Brandon, I know what you
meant,"but
they check.
That
is what I am trying
to tell you all. Okay, it's very serious
what the Lord is saying. You need to
have your eyes open to what the enemy's
plan is behind that battle table. He
wants to give you bad food.
The Lord said there will be a plague
coming
against your beef soon.
There is nothing that will
turn into something,
and they will slaughter the cows by the
tens of thousands. A cow takes a lot
to have a baby; it takes
months. I
don't know how many months it takes to
have a baby cow, but I think it's like a
year or over.
My family raised cows, so
what I'm trying to tell
you—okay,
nine months.
Same as a human, that's
interesting. Still, nine months
is
a long time if you have to
wait nine months to have another baby
cow and all the mama cows are gone.
I saw a plague coming from the
south;
it's coming from Mexico. There's
something coming, but it will be hyped up
more than what it should be, and they
will slaughter these cows.
I saw a beef shortage other than
organic, farm-raised beef.
It was very pricey. I saw this again
in the days ahead. I don't
know if this happens in Trump's term or
the next. That's
why it's so important for you to vote.
I'm
praying for Don Jr. to be president.
Honestly, folks, I don't want JD
Vance.
I hope Don Jr. runs; I would
vote for him in a heartbeat.
I know JD Vance's heart is not what I
believe we see. I'm not trying
to attack the man's character, but I
don't believe the true JD Vance has come
out like we think.
I think he is not who he says
he is behind closed doors as much as I
think Don Jr. is. I think Marco Rubio—the guy who is
the Secretary of State,
Rubio,
right?—would
be a good running
mate or DeSantis. I think it would be
an
amazing power team. I'm believing God
that Don Jr. would throw his
hat in the ring and that we could
keep the Trump name
for 2028. Ultimately, I'm
believing God that Jesus
Christ is coming back and it won't
matter in the next Shemitah cycle in 2028;
they can have
America after that. We're out of
here. But I'm just saying personally,
if Jesus tarries, I would love to see
Don Jr. run. I don't try to get
political, but I am tonight.
I'm believing God for Don Jr.; I
think he would be a great president,
him and Ron DeSantis, right?
Or Rubio, not JD Vance.
I have a caution.
I pray for him
and
his vice presidency, but I just
have a caution. I pray for Trump to have
greater discernment on who he allows
around him and
in
his cabinet,
and
the people
he allows in
foreign nations. I
believe MBS is an evil man. I believe
the man that's over
Saudi Arabia and Syria are
both of the Muslim Brotherhood and
are part of the end-time coalition of
people that will bring in the
Antichrist. It's all happening.
I just pray for Trump to know
who's a friend and who's a foe and who's
playing him just for money. When you
have
trillion-dollar
deals, there
are
strings attached.
Do not trust so easily, sir.
Watch who you
let in your inner circle just because of
a business deal.
I like Don Jr.; I
feel I need to pray
for him. Have I heard prophetically
that he'll be president? No, I saw JD
Vance. But I saw a scandal,
and
the Lord said, 'A new Watergate
will arise in the days ahead
concerning the pressure that was on
Elon,
the pressure to perform,
and
the Republican party,
MAGA.'But
MAGA
will have a metamorphosis in the
days ahead. It will not be what
MAGA
is now; it will evolve.
Then I saw a
scandal—a
Monica Lewinsky or Marilyn Monroe scandal
in the White House—and I heard, 'Impeach,
impeach, impeach
again'considering
all these things that
they will leak out of pressure for X.
There was a pressure and he turned into
Chuck
E.
Cheese.
Elon Musk turned into
a rat
eating cheese. He had big ears like Chuck
E. Cheese
right here.
He was nibbling it,
but
the Lord said he is a rat.
People say
they
want him to get
radically saved.
I think
it would be amazing to use Starlink for
the gospel and spread it around the
world,
but it will be used
for the beast system in the years ahead.
I'm telling you, Starlink in
the days ahead will be used for the
beast system,
same with Neuralink. That type of
technology is a chip and it will be
used. An
acceleration of end-time AI events is
coming.
The Lord said the dollar is
done; it's just buying time right now.
Trump
was in
a
canoe paddling as
fast as he could to try to keep it from
going over the waterfall edge, but the
Lord said
he's just buying time.
There's nothing they can do to save
America; Jesus is coming,
folks. The beast system is being put
into place.
We need to pray for President Trump to
have wisdom and a covering of
protection.
It is vital for the body of Christ to
pray for President Trump now more than
ever, that he lives
long and finishes strong. We see that he
has a great report from the doctor
concerning the MRI. We've interceded
for that over and
over—that
his veins and his heart
and
his neck are well—and he had a great MRI.
The doctor said his blood flows great.
I believe that is a result of
intercessory prayer; that's not
a
coincidence.
I'm thankful that his veins
are clear.
For anybody his age
that eats McDonald's
and drinks
Diet Cokes to
have clear veins at almost 80 years old
is
a
big
deal.
McDonald's food is not good for you.
I saw an Arab man with a
black turban on his head with white
squares,
like something you would have
to keep cool in a hot
climate. He had this
wrapped around his head and he had green
fatigues
on with
cargo
pockets.
He looked
like military.
He went to the harbor right here. Do you
see him?
He went to this, and the boat
looked like an oil
tanker-like
boat.
There were African-American men
who
were negotiating, and he gave them cash.
He gave them a wad of money to put this
thing on a boat that had biological, the
radioactive thing. The radioactive
symbol
was on the side of this
device that looked like something.
I heard the word when I was
praying in the spirit that night:
"Dirty."Dirty.
And I won't say the other word.
Dirty. You know
they took that boat and they sailed it
towards the Cuba area.
When I saw that, it came. The Lord said
it was over by Damascus
and Israel, coming through the Jordan
area.
I saw a strategic thing taking place up
by Bethlehem and up by
Damascus, that area. And the Lord said,
"Remember the regrouping.
They're regrouping right now. They're
licking their wounds
from all that's happened over the last
couple of years. They're regrouping."The
Muslim
Brotherhood. Iran is regrouping.
They're getting ready. And what I
saw coming will be worse than
October 7th. It will be worse
than October 7th. And it happens at
night
when they're asleep.
What else? I'm trying to
remember it all, and the Holy Spirit is
helping me.
I have it right here.
And then the Red Dawn is all by design.
It's all to keep you distracted.
The Red Dawn is by design to keep you
distracted for the enemy within. There's
an enemy within.
They have infiltrated our nation
through the Biden administration.
They had open
borders, and the Lord said, "You
don't realize how many people came over
with bad motives to do bad
to your nation."I heard one
report say that even from Afghanistan,
millions of visas and passports were
given out during the
Biden
administration just from the Taliban,
after
all that drama over
there. Millions of visas,
folks.
It is so important that you vote godly.
I'm not saying every Republican is
godly, but they stand for good
things. A lot of them do. And for what
I'm telling you, the far-left is
thinking to destroy America to bring
forth the beast system
because I've seen Satan talking
directly to some of these major
funders—huge—that
bring in all
the rioting, all the
paid demonstrators.
George paid for a lot of it. Remember
the
Rockefellers,
you know, there's a lot of stuff that
the Lord showed—dark things,
trafficking—and
he kept calling out the
trafficking for the child pedophilia
rings in this nation and for drug
cartels and all the things. And the Lord
said, "This is all connected."And it's
by design by the devil feeding this
demonic spirit that tries to get a
stronghold over your nation.
As the church rises up and prays,
just like the Bible says,
if my people who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from their wicked ways,
then
we would hear from heaven and he would heal
our land.
I believe that's the church's job.
That's why this channel is being raised
up right now. All 5,600 of you right now,
we're here tonight. I'm
rehearsing all this because I haven't
done a live in a couple of days. But I'm
trying to tell you where we're at,
what
we're praying over, and what our
assignment is to continue to pray as the
army of prayer warriors that we are. We
had over 100,000-some-odd people pray
all around the world with all the other
channels. And I'm telling you folks,
we're making a dent in the
kingdom of darkness. And I believe we're
just like icebreakers. We're just plowing
through there. We
occupy until he comes. And we must do
this and pray and seek the Lord like
we've never sought him before. I'm
telling you, a great shaking is coming.
You must have your house in order.
You
must seek Jesus like you've never
sought
him before.
You must wake up, church.
As I was
driving today
and we were running errands,
the sun was going down.
The Lord said, "Do you see the
sunset?"He
said, "That's where we are in time.
Do you see how beautiful that
is?"Most
people are afraid about some of
the things you say, but it's from my
heart to warn them. It's not you saying
it; it's me. Stay close to me.
Don't worry,
keep relaying, for I don't have many
who
are speaking the truth.
They're speaking to
itching ears. There's a lot of them that
will not share the things
that you have. You've been obedient to
me.
As I saw the sun setting, he said,
"That's where we are right now, son.
That's where we are.
You're out of time."Like the time is
out on this day. You're out of time.
You must tell the people that I'm
coming.
And as I saw the sunset, it was so
beautiful—the
red, the
orange, and the blue coming over.
And as we were driving in, I was
getting ready. I said, "Oh, that is
absolutely
gorgeous."And
he said, "It's good days, folks.
It's good days."The church, do you
understand? Even as I tell you First
Corinthians 5:5,
all these things are taking place.
Your belly's growling.
That's why I know it's really loud.
You've been
fasting.
I'm not trying
to break your fast, but
it
is really loud.
Your stomach's going,
"I'm hungry."I think
your stomach is pushing on
your backbone. You're so
hungry.
I'm glad
you're helping me pray and fast,
but eat the smoothie now.
Your body's like, "I need
food."It's
gotten louder and
louder. It's like, "Are you ignoring
me?"I
hope that it's not going
through the camera, but it's
time to break the fast. You got to
eat.
Hallelujah.
It's distracting to me. I'm
trying to focus. Your
stomach's like screaming over
there.
It's
a
funny thing, y'all.
I can't laugh. I've got to be
serious.
Shake it off now.
The joy of the Lord
is our strength.
I've
got to be serious for these folks.
Don't waste their time here.
I don't know why I'm laughing.
Just take a water break.
Intermission.
All right, let's go.
The Lord showed me a boat
full of plantains, but it was a
disguise.
The plantains were green. He
said, "plantains."They were using the
plantains as a disguise. But as I was
shown Cuba, I saw Cuba and the Lord
showed me an underground base in Cuba
that was military, and Russia was having...
whoever this was was having
them... I'm not going to try to pin
anybody down.
That symbol right there was on the
side of this. And as it was being
taken down in there, it was being held
on their island.
I thought it was very interesting.
And that's what the Lord
showed
me. It was black. It was a black
thing and it had wires up on the side
and there were red lights.
I could
see a red light, and I don't know what
that was, but I saw wires and it was
all wired, but it looked like a
50-gallon drum. So, if we go
back to what the Lord showed me in
the Bermuda Triangle. Did I skip it? What
were
you going to say?
No, you saw red. What
was the red? There were red islands or
something there. There
were
red islands that had to do
with England.
Drink the smoothie, love.
You're throwing me off, baby.
England.
I saw these islands that were red, and
they were faded out. And the Lord said,
"Pay attention to this."I saw
those islands, and it had to do with
England concerning this. I don't
know why. This is the part that I think
is interesting because it's
like dominoes, and it's
all going in a line. As I was seeing
this, I saw something
happen in the Bermuda Triangle that
looked massive. It
came up like a tidal wave, and
all of the fish died.
It was like rewinding
to
the
fish I
saw
before,
all dead across the water.
Octopuses,
whales, sharks, and fish of all kinds by the
hundreds of millions. The sea looked
like a litter box of decaying fish.
The island shore had bodies of
humans laid up on all the shores
in white bags.
They put them on the shore with the
fish. Now, why? I don't know. Is this
Revelation? Because I'm seeing more and
more into
tribulation lately. The Lord has
given me more and more insight
into the events of the Word. I believe
with all my heart, as I saw this, the water
looked like it was bubbling.
As I was looking at the sky, the sky
was on fire. Something had lit the
atmosphere of the world on fire.
It was
like when you're watching
California and you see the wildfires on
TV and the whole sky is
on fire. As I was seeing it, it
was everywhere. It was to the south,
to the west, and to the north.
The whole sky was on fire, and there was
so much smoke in the air that you could
barely see the sun.
It looked like something out of
a terrible
movie
as this was happening. I could see the
sky lit up with this fire.
Folks, I'm going
to be real with you. Usually, when I'm
looking into the spirit, I can
just 'can it'and put it on a
shelf; I don't let it in.
I see a lot. There are many things
I see that, in the natural, would
make your flesh a little scared, but it
doesn't
ever bother me. People ask, "How do
you see all that you see?"I know how
to separate myself from it, and
I've developed this over years. I
say,
"This is intercessory prayer, and
I
have to pretend in my mind
this is not concerning me
or
my family."I put it on a
shelf, you know what I'm saying? I have
to because it's very hard when you're seeing
all these dark things and all
the stuff that's coming in the future.
So I learned how to separate it, and now
the Lord has allowed me to. But this
time, when I was seeing
it, it freaked me out. I'll be real
with you. During that time of
prayer, after it was over, I
said,
"Wow, Diana. Wow. I need you to pray for
me."So
she held me on the
couch and just interceded until the
wee
hours of the morning because
when that prophetic mantle came on,
it
was so heavy. I told her, "I
feel such pressure
and
urgency for the hour we
are in."Going into the
spirit concerning this was so heavy.
It took me hours to come out from
underneath it,
to
the point I even felt it the
next day.
Thank God for a praying pastor,
huh? She called and said, "You
were
on my heart, and I want to let you know
I'm just interceding for you all. I'm
praying for you."I thought, "Oh,
thank you. Thank you, Jesus,
for sending prayer warriors like you all."There
are
people who say, "Brandon,
I've been praying for you."There
are many
things I see that are very heavy,
carrying this and giving these words.
Like the Lord said today, "Thank you.
Thank you for telling my people what's coming."For
there are
not very many of you
being obedient to what I've
asked them to do. They like to give
itching words, but Brandon, they're
going to be held accountable for it. But
because of this, there'll be great
blessing following this, Brandon.
There'll be great blessing."And I'm
like, "Okay, Father, I'll keep standing
and saying what you tell me to
say."Even
family is saying,
"Brandon, you don't need to say this
stuff. You need to turn your YouTube
channel off. You need to stop saying
this. Your life's in danger. You've got to
shut up,"and all this stuff. And
the Lord said, "Brandon,
hold on a minute. You let
those texts and that stuff
in;
they mean well, they're
just family,
but they don't
realize they're just like when
Peter said, 'Be it far from you,
Lord, you don't want to die on the
cross.'He
said, 'Get thee
behind me, Satan, you're an offense
unto me.'He said the same thing:
'Son, you stand up for what I've told you
to do. It's not always going to be easy,
and people are not always going to agree
with what I told you to do, even family.
You're going to stand there.'And he said,
'Brandon, if I warned you about Trump's
ear...
if I warned you about the
list for Pam Bondi and I warn you
about all these things and you keep
coming on and warning the people and
it's accurate, how much more will I
protect you, son? I'll tell you that
which is to come if you keep close to
me. Stay on the branch, son. I
am
the vine. Be a flourishing vine.
Many of the
prophetic people right now used to be on
the branch, but
they were trimmed
back."They
have words
because a part of the vine doesn't
die immediately.
It takes
days and time. But the more you're
separated from the source,
there
is death in it. And he said, "Many of
my ministers right now are the
vine, but they've been pruned away from
the main source. They're not hearing me.
They're not staying close to me. They're
Lot in Sodom and Gomorrah."And they
don't even realize it. They've become
too accustomed to being in Sodom
and
Gomorrah. They don't realize
they've been cut off from the
source. Abraham was the only one that
knew. God didn't come to Lot; God had
Abraham interceding for Lot.
"Stay on the mountain.
Don't go down into the midst
of Sodom and Gomorrah,
son. Stay because there
are
many of my ministers that have
been planted in the midst of that and
they've been cut off from the branch.
They don't even realize it. Their eyes
have become dim
and
their ears have become deaf to the
things I'm trying to tell them. They're
so used to yesteryear's word and
they're trying to be telephone, and the
more it goes down the line,
you started out with 'Jesus is
coming'and
they say, 'Oh, he's not coming for
years.'Because
they've heard it and
it's been transferred; they didn't hear
it from the source.
They're not hearing it from the true
source. They're hearing it by
ChatGPT.
They're hearing it by the preacher
that's lukewarm on the internet and
they're listening to YouTube. They're
not hearing it from me anymore. They're
hearing it from a source that's been cut
off just like them. They're not on the
branch. They're not
close to me. They don't know the danger
of the hour. They don't know. Many of
the prophetic people are just like it
was in Jeremiah's time."Son, remember
this: you must abide in me. You must
stay on, and no matter how many
people say you have to shut
your YouTube channel down—'You're
in danger,''You've
got
to do all these things'—the Lord
said that's offensive.
If I took care of Elijah,
if I took care of David, if I took care
of Moses when he stood before Pharaoh
and told him judgment was coming to the
land, Pharaoh could have killed
him right there,
taken
his head straight off, but I would
not allow him to do it.
He could have killed
Moses in an instant, and Aaron could have
killed them all, wiped them all out.
They're standing before me. He's
rebellious.
I'm the Pharaoh. But God
wouldn't allow it. There was a hedge of
protection around Moses as he stood
before Pharaoh.
Have you ever thought about that?
Why would Pharaoh not just wipe Moses
off the face of the earth right there?
He could have, but God wouldn't allow
it. And the Lord said the same thing to
me. He said, 'Brandon, as long as you
stand right with me, I'll
protect you. I'll put a shield and a
buckler around you. I've got you, boy. Don't
you worry about the world. You are mine.
You're my beloved. Stay the course and
speak the things that I've told you to
say. Warn my people that I'm coming
and I've got your back.'I argued back,
'Lord, but all
your disciples, they died terrible
deaths.
They all died.'He said, 'Brandon, I've
got you.'I asked, 'What happened to
Peter?'because
that's
where
my mind goes as the enemy
says,
'Well, what about all
the others?'I remember Stephen,
because your mind tries to
tilt that way.
But as for me, I give my life to him.
Even when it's not easy, your flesh
tries
to squirm like a worm when you give
these kind of words and you're the only
one giving them on the internet. You
have
a lot of people that try to parrot a
little bit; they'll touch a little
bit of it, but they won't touch a lot.
And then there
are
ones on there just telling you
sugar. The Lord said, 'That is
false. You're not in a sugar season.
This is not a sugar season. I told you
great blessing would come on the 1%. Who
is in line for the 1%
of the body? That's not a very big
percentage for the wealth transfer.
For the ones that will walk in the
extravagant wealth to transfer this
gospel, 1% isn't
much.'Many
people say, 'I'm
qualified,'and
the Lord says they
aren't
qualified. They don't know me and
I don't know them.
But you say you're qualified. He said
many of you think you are. Many of them
do because they've fallen in
line with the prophetic words
about crypto and they invest
all they have—their inheritance and
everything they've
got—into
XRP
because you got a word from
God on the internet. He said, 'They
didn't hear me.'They don't know when to
pull it, when not to, when
to fold them, when to hold them,
when to walk away and when to
run. You'd better count your money when
you're sitting at the table; there'll be
time enough to count it when the
dealing's
done. That's the truth.
You've
got to know when to hold them, Kenny
Rogers. Know when to fold them.
There you go.
It's not funny;
that's where we are right now. He said
there'll be great shakeouts and fakeouts,
and that's why I keep trying to give you
what I pray about
concerning
watching Don Jr. and these things.
But like I always say, I'm
not a financial adviser. I can miss it.
I can flat miss it. I'm human. What
kind of person would you be if you don't
hear it for yourself? Never follow a
prophetic voice on investment advice
unless you hear it for yourself. You
have the Holy Ghost down inside of you.
I'm
telling you, I talked to other
prophetic people and they said, 'Well,
this is what I
hear.'Okay,
so I wait. I say, 'That
doesn't
sound right to me in my ear.'So I go,
'Okay, well, that's for you; it's not
for me.'We talk to
some big people now, and I go, 'Do you
think they're hearing God?'I don't
know, babe. That's kind of interesting.
Let's just wait out and see what the
Holy Spirit tells us. I don't go by what
they say.
Never. You have the Holy Ghost inside of
you to lead you into all truth and all
things. You don't need
me; you don't need anybody on YouTube.
You need to follow Jesus
Christ with all your heart, and he will
lead you into all things that you need
to know. I'm just here to lead prayer.
I try to tell people all the time, I
don't believe I'm prophetic; I believe
I'm a watchman. Then I find
out from studying that a watchman is
prophetic. I just
try to stay away from titles.
There's so much charismatic flakiness
with titles.
I stay on the vine with him, stay
on the branch with him. I just want
to be a branch that is flourishing.
I just want him to look at me and
say, 'You did it,
boy.'I'm
just staying
close to Jesus Christ. There
are
so many people saying, 'I'm prophet
so-and-so'or
'I'm apostle
so-and-so.'I
honor the
five-fold ministry—I believe in it with
all my heart—but I just stay
close to Jesus. I want to
be a light, shining bright everywhere
I
go, making music for the people. I
want Jesus to shine bright in me.
And the Lord told me, 'Brandon,
the next phase of your ministry is about
to take off and you're not going to be
known for this anymore. This is
going to be something that fades away,
and the next phase
will be something with the healings
and the things that the Lord's told us
to do.'I don't know when that's going to
be, but we keep
pressing into it.
I want to be a part of the greatest
revival this world has ever seen,
and I want you to be a part of that.
I want you to be the salt
because there are people that you can
reach that I can't.
It's like coming across people working
on my air conditioner or heater. You just
want to shine bright for people because
you know there's someone out there who
doesn't
know Jesus Christ.
I'm not
super religious; we're the most
unreligious people you've ever met. I'm
into relationship.
I dropped
something
on my toe and I dropped
a
bad word, and I was embarrassed. I had to
apologize, and I even told my
pastors, 'I messed up.
Brandon had a big flesh fart and just
freaked out.'You
might
say, 'Oh, Brandon,
wouldn't you be over that?'No. The dead
man got up out of the grave, and I had to go
and make sure he was dead after that.
We all have issues. We all overcome stuff
and come short of the glory.
People always say,
'You should be
further along than that.'I don't know
how much further along I should be. Who is
a better
example for me to follow than Jesus
Christ? And he's perfect.
I've been
told I need a mentor.
Show me a mentor that's lined up to try
to mentor me. Nobody. There are a
lot of fatherless children out there—spiritual orphans—because there
aren't
many
elders who take
the time to pour into the younger
generation.
You'll get texts
from some folks every once in a
while, but 99% of the
time, you're on your own, and that's
just the Holy Ghost. So, I don't know
where I'm supposed to be right now. The
Lord said, "You're offering 25% of what I
have for you."I said, "Well, I'm doing the
best I can because I'm trying to stay as
close as I can to you. I sit in your lap
as much as I can and I follow
you."So,
you know, it is what it is. You got
what you got. It's just raw.
We're just real up here, and I ain't here
to try to impress you or entertain you. So, if you don't
like it, go watch somebody else; I don't
care. The other
part was the Lord said
to go back to
what you need to say:
"Brandon,
you went too far off trail. Like
a
squirrel, go pull back over
here,
boy."But
he said to watch YouTube
because they'll really try to censor and
demonetize
paid channels for speaking out against
anything far-left and things
like
prophetic channels.
They'll try to sway the Super Thanks
and
say, "Listen, you say what
we want you to say or you ain't saying
it on this channel; you can't receive
those
anymore."And
I said, "Bye-bye, Felicia. I don't care.
You ain't going to manipulate me about
any money. I came with nothing and I'll
leave with nothing. I don't care. Jesus
Christ is my
provider."And
the way I look at it is if that's
your only motive anyway, then it ain't
God anyway. And that's why the Lord
said, "Raise people up, Rene. You listen
and pray and let them hear the Holy
Ghost. Teach them how to pray. Teach
them how to hear me because they're not
being taught in the church.
Teach them how to hear me, Brandon, to
draw close to me because the
seeker-friendly
skinny jeans and fog machine
churches are there to give you a 30-minute
watered-down
message,
make sure they take up their offering,
give you some kind of porridge, and then
send you on your way so you come back
the next week anemic and barely crawling
in there, going, 'How am I going to fight
the devil?'And you're
dying spiritually because you got a
bunch of seeker-friendly churches. And
the Lord said, 'Teach them,
Brandon.'I
said, 'Well, I'll do the best I
can.'I
can't even—some of these messages I
heard, I go, 'How are they even
making it?'If we
didn't know what we know, folks, I don't
know how we would make it. I can
assure you we wouldn't be married if we
didn't know the Holy Ghost like we do.
It takes oomph to stay married in
these end times, especially fighting
against the devil like we do.
We're going to win the
victory, but it's spiritual warfare.
It's standing in the finished
work of Jesus Christ, knowing that he's
already paid the price, but staying in that
place of victory, staying in the
covenant, knowing who you are, walking
by faith, living by faith,
teaching your kids how to live by faith,
and
standing on the word. It's the main
thing that the Lord told us about
it. He said, 'I want you to get the
Battlefield of the Mind and I want you
to memorize that and get it down inside
of you even more for what's coming in
the days
ahead.'So
we got the book 'Battlefield of the
Mind'and
we're reading it and
going over it over and over because that's what the
Lord instructed us. Obviously,
we need some polish in there. So we
go in and we start reading it and I go,
'Hey, this is good.'Everybody said,
'Well, you're for this or you're for
that?'I'm
just for anything that gets me to go
from glory to glory.
From whatever minister has it and it's
life and it brings life to my spirit,
I'm going to listen to it and I'm going
to feed on it. I'll
take that. It's like Brother
Hagin
used to say all the time, 'You
eat the hay and you spit out the
sticks.'Not
everything is always going
to be good on everybody, but
you eat the hay and you spit out the
sticks, and there's a lot of good hay
there.
And the ones that learn how to do that
will thrive.
Everybody's always like, 'Well, you know,
Joe's
this, and I don't like
this minister over here, and
I don't like this.'Eat the hay, spit out
the sticks, but always stay on God's
side and pray for your brother
in Christ regardless of whether you like who
they are or who they're not. I don't try
to go, 'Well, I don't like
Kenneth Copeland; you
shouldn't mention him on your broadcast;
you shouldn't mention
Jesse.'Eat
the hay of
what you like and spit out the sticks.
There's always something good you can
find in each one of our ministries.
Stop being against them. People say, 'Well,
you shouldn't accept the Catholics; you
should tell them they're this and
that.'I
said
they're part of the body and I want them
here. They're praying with me,
and if they get something from me that
gleans to them to make them go higher,
I'm not here to try to be against
anybody's religion. Now, I'm going to
tell you this: I stand with the
charismatics and the
Pentecostals—that's
who we are,
non-denominational—and
that's the vein
we flow down. But I'm excited you're
here.
And
I want you to
always know I stand with Israel. I pray
for Israel. I stand with the
peace of Jerusalem. I don't believe in
replacement theology.
I believe in the Rapture; I believe
it with all my heart. I believe in the
baptism of the Holy Ghost. I believe in
speaking in tongues; I believe it's for
everybody. I don't believe in purgatory.
I don't believe in praying to a priest;
I believe in talking to Jesus
personally. I don't believe in
Mormonism. I don't believe in
Jehovah's
Witnessism. I don't understand all that
stuff. I know that I believe it's an
occult from what the Lord has shown me. But
I tell you what I hear the Holy
Ghost say. He's bringing a great
revival to the Jehovah's Witnesses.
And he said he's going to
change some false doctrine.
And he said, 'I'm bringing a great
revival to the youth of the Catholic
Church.'So
I just go with what he says. That's
why
people get really upset
about all the different denominations
and the different tents. The Church of
Christ doesn't believe in playing music;
they believe in harmonizing. They don't
want to play certain songs and
probably some of them don't want to
watch me. But the Baptists get upset
about things too and they say, 'Once saved,
always saved.'I don't believe
that at all. I believe you can fall away
and turn your back on the Lord
and go straight to hell. I don't believe
in
'once saved, always
saved'at
all.
That's what the prodigal son is.
It's a
type
and
shadow metaphor, right? The parable is
beautiful. But I believe there's a
lot of prodigals out there. And I
believe there's even preachers that are
prodigals
behind the pulpits who
have
lost their saltiness and
they've lost who they are because of man
and mammon,
and they are backslidden and they have
the greatest opportunity to go to hell
too. They've got to come back to the
Father and preach the Father's heart
or just sit down
altogether.
That's my two cents. You
saw
around Syria?
Yeah, I brought that up already.
There's a terrorist attack
coming
there.
You saw him go to the mountains.
Yeah, he went to the
bunker. He tries to flee because he
knows his life is in danger.
Zelensky,
that was with the two. I saw a
splitting. I saw that Putin wants
back the old Russia. He wants Poland. He
wants Romania. He wants all of Ukraine.
He wants all these nations back.
You saw
a sliver at the edge of
Venezuela?
That's where America invades and sets up
a base.
I saw a red sliver at the top and
eventually I saw America with a proxy
government similar to how we have a base in
Iraq. We would set up camp in Venezuela,
and I saw a major place in Venezuela
that was occupied to bring peace and
stability.
So, is that good?
It's been an hour. I've
talked way too long, but I haven't
been here in a while, so I guess you
all
have nothing else to do.
If you want to leave, leave, but
there you go. Do you want
to pray? Who wants to tubing? What we'll
do is
pray and take communion. I was listening
to this old song. Now, I love old
Black choir music; I love it. It's from A.A.
Allen; it's my favorite. I'll show
you what
I was listening to. I
can't
play a lot of it because YouTube
gets mad at me,
but maybe I could because
it's
such an old song.
'God
Turned'—no,
not that one.
'Hebrews
One.'Sing.
Here he goes.
I listen to a lot of A.A. Allen's stuff, his
old stuff. I like to go back to the old
wells and see what they had. What
was it? Brandon, you've just got to turn the
switch on.
Do you understand? It's already on.
Lord,
have mercy.
Have mercy on me.
I
love
that.
Oh,
Lord,
have mercy. I can't wait until it comes back:
old tent meetings and tent revival. It's coming,
y'all. I keep seeing the visions. When I
am calling, 'Lord,'and I am calling, 'Lord,'have
mercy on me.
And
then
he
gives
an
altar
call.
Oh, Lord,
have mercy on me. I felt the Holy Ghost
on that. Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Oh, Father, we thank you that you had
mercy on us.
Every single one of us has had
mercy, for you said no one comes to
the Father unless He draws you. And I'm
so thankful that you turned your head
towards me and you said, 'Brandon, I
want you to speak for me. I want you to
say things that
are coming.'Oh,
what an honor it is, Father, to
stand in the office of what you've
told me to do with this channel.
God, you're so good to us. You're so
merciful.
For Father, we have
all sinned and come short of the
glory. But Father, I thank you, Lord,
that you've said, 'My grace is
sufficient for
you.'It's
more than enough, Brandon.
I'm your great protector and I'm your
great provider.
And lo, unto the end of the earth,
I'll be with you always if you just stay
on the branch.
If you stay on the vine—He is the vine.
I said it backwards again.
Thank you, Father.
Apart from
you,
we can do nothing. We stay on
that—we're
all growing, being
more and more like you.
Even whenever we mess things up and say
it backwards,
it's just me,
Brandon,
y'all. It's so amazing
because the Lord says, 'Brandon, you say things
wrong.'I
said, 'I know.'He said,
'You said it right in your heart.'Yeah,
I say
it right in my heart all
the time.
Thank you, Lord, for your body that was
broken for us.
Apart
from you, we can do nothing.
We're so grateful for the body;
we're grateful for the blood.
We take this body right
now in the name of Jesus.
We take the body, Father, and we just
sit up in your throne.
We cuddle up in your lap,
Father, and we thank you
for all that
you've done. Amen. We take the
blood, and we thank you, Lord. We make
much of the blood, and the blood
makes much of us. Father, we take
the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
We thank you, Lord, that you forgive us
of our sins. We are washed in
the precious blood;
no weapon
formed against us will prosper. Father,
that we stay on that vine. We stay on that branch. I'll say it right: stay on the vine. We stay
on
the vine; we're the
branch.
We are the branch; He is the vine.
That's
what He said inside of my heart. If
you stay on there and
you don't detach yourself, you're
going to have much life.
We plead the blood over
us, Father, that we hear you
uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic
or demonic force. We plead the blood of
Jesus over my eyes that Father, if
there's anything you want to show us,
we see it uninterrupted
and
unhindered as we come up before you
boldly in
Jesus'name.
Amen.
Did I have a lot of clipboards out there
tonight after that? I'm sure I had a
ton. I'm sure I had Sister
Clipboard all freaking out over that
one.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, you said it
backwards.'I
said, 'I did, did
I?'I
was sitting there praying and he
spoke, and I said,
'Sister
Clipboard,
she's
going to freak out.'I'll have
email after email:
'Oh God, he's messed up
again. You knew he didn't hear it
right.'Yes,
I did. I messed things up. I
overcome.
He's so good and He can use
anyone.
Isn't it amazing? If God can use me, He
can use anybody.
If God can use Brandon in
these end times, folks,
He could use you, too.
Because as much as I have had learning
problems and go through the things I
have, for somebody that's had the
education that I've had, if He can tilt
His hat towards me and say, 'Brandon, I
can use you,'that could give you a lot
of confidence tonight. I told Diana,
'Just think of what He can do with
you.'If
God can use Brandon, you ought to
be of good courage tonight.
You say, 'Wow,
if that man can be used and talk to
millions of people, how much more can
God use
me?'You
should be very encouraged
because He can use anybody.
Father, I thank you
for all that
you've done. We humble
ourselves
before you, Father, and we just thank
you, Lord, that you're our friend.
We sit at your feet and we say, 'Oh
Lord,
have mercy
on
me.'I
feel His presence so strong,
and I don't know what to do a lot
of times.
Isabel,
Lord,
bless her tonight. Give her
strength. Thank you, Father.
We come boldly
before your throne.
We know how close we are to
the end. But Father, if there's anything
we can do to help you tonight,
we just sit right
at your feet.
We pray over the economy and over all the
things that you
showed us.
Oh,
from glory to glory.
Jesus,
I just thank you, Lord, for what I
see.
I see a woman
and she is dressed in a
beautiful gown.
As she
is dressed
in this beautiful gown, she has
like a little tutu
and she is dancing before the Father.
As I was worshiping
and
singing, there was a
beautiful dance being displayed before
the Father. I could see Jesus
as a loving Father. He was taking
that
girl, like a father would playing with
his daughter, and he was spinning her by
the
hand as she was doing a dance
before the Father. I
saw
this, but there were clouds all
around and
a beautiful scenery of the sun shining;
it was the glory of the Lord from the
throne. It was a
beam of light piercing
through the clouds like this. It was
parting from the throne, a direct beam of light
like you would see from the sun, but
it was not the sun because of the way it was
on
the throne.
There was a
cloud bank and Jesus was sitting there.
This
woman, like the bride,
was in a tutu with a white
gown, and she was wearing a
crown and had little
ballerina shoes on as she was dancing.
That was what I saw right then. It
was very beautiful and peaceful,
and I was thinking, 'What is
this?'I
was hearing another
song:
'Holy,
holy,
holy.'Jesus,
you're worthy.
Father, we worship you.
Just at your feet in this
beautiful holiday Christmas season,
we just magnify you and we glorify your
name
in all the earth.
We glorify
your name,
Father. We worship you.
We have work to do now.
We're seated there; I can feel it. We're
there
and we can talk to Dad all we want. Now
I go up there and we just say it.
We're polite when we walk in, though.
We don't barge into the house.
It's like you knock even at your own
mom and dad's house after you've moved
out. You
don't just bust open the door.
You knock, 'Hey, Mom, Dad, I'm
here.'It's
polite. You don't disrespect. But
some people just barge on in and start
going through the refrigerator.
I'm sure
that's okay with God, but I try to always be
respectful when I go in.
Even if I just knock,
I
might
say,
'What you got in the fridge? I'm
hungry,'or
at Grandma's house, 'Got
cookies?'or
milk.
That relationship
with your heavenly Father
is
so personal.
Every time, he says, 'Oh Brandon,
welcome.'I
can hear him when he says it,
'Welcome back.
How are you doing
today?''Boy,
it was rough,'or, 'Man, it
wasn't too bad today. Everything
was
good.'Either
way, you just come real.
I say, 'Oh, Father, how
are
things going?
Thank you, Lord, that you're
here for me and you're always taking
care of
me.'I
don't have anything on my heart to
talk about regarding my problems because you
know what I need before I even ask. So,
Father, I just want to take the
time to worship you,
singing a song.
No matter what it is, thank you, Father,
that
you can use
anybody.
If
you could
use us
to
do something big, to make an
imprint in this world for you,
we leave our mark for you. We give all
the glory to you to help
spread your word throughout the whole
world. You said that then the
end would come. I'm so excited that soon
we'll be with you forever.
We're almost there.
We just have a little bit more work to
do and we're almost through.
Well,
there's never a hurry with you.
You're
never in a panic. You're
always so stable. I've never ever heard
you really angry. I've heard you
frustrated—seeming,
in my natural
perception,
probably
annoyed—but
even then, you are so even
in
correction.
In these last days, I thank you, Lord,
that I'm on the right side of it.
You say you correct those that you love.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we are
on the right side of things to help you
with the harvest that is about to take
place on this earth. Every single one of
us, all 6,600 of us,
Father, we're on the right side of it.
Oh, Father, we love you tonight.
My heart is to pray for the
revival. My heart is to pray
for the tent revivals.
I see it right now. You show it to me. I
see tents filled with people in modern
days.
The old tent meetings are coming back.
brush arbor churches are coming back.
Stadiums filled with people are
coming back, just like it was at
Charlie's funeral.
Massive amounts of people coming.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that the
President is saved tonight.
I pray over him and over his
family and over this Christmas season
that he is refreshed,
and
over his granddaughter, Kai.
We thank you, Lord, for your
supernatural protection over her and over
Don
Jr.,
that he would run for President
and that you'd give him the character to
hold it and he'd be fine.
Father, you're just looking
for
someone
that
has a heart for
you—not
people that are fake,
who
say one thing and are not who they
are inside.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you
are cleaning up the church
and
cleaning up politics.
I thank you, Lord,
that the truth will be
revealed
sooner than
later.
People will not be blinded
by sharp suits and egos
or
maybe a good speech, but Father, they
would
be able to see through
all of the political drama. For you said
2026 will be a year of political theater
and we'll be able to decipher and
discern
all the political theater.
It's interesting
because I just feel peace.
It's awkward
having silent time over a camera,
but I can feel it.
It's like basking in his presence.
If you
just take a drink,
all this other stuff doesn't matter. It's
like
I say: 'I come to the garden alone
where the dew is still on the roses,
and the voice I hear, drawing me near,
the Son of God
discloses.'And
he walks
with me and he talks
with me
and he tells
me I am his own.
And the joy
we share
as we
tarry
there, none other
has ever
known.
I love that song
because that's exactly
right.
He walks with me and he talks with me as
I go through the garden alone
and the
dew is
still on the roses.
That's why you seek him early. There's
something about praying so late when you
push over into the night.
The third watch
is
very active.
There's something so precious
about the third watch.
We trust in
you.
We're going to Rome.
The
earthquake—I
see the earthquake again.
It splits Italy.
From ocean to ocean,
it splits.
I'm talking about
a
deep
earthquake.
It shakes the Vatican
and
Italy.
Remember, I told you I saw
structures being damaged
in the Vatican.
It will be a sign.
This noise is
coming; I feel it so hard. It's in my
ears.
A new Edward
Snowden
and
a new leak
are
coming.
A great shaking is coming to the
Vatican,
the Catholic Church,
and
throughout Europe.
I see
veins
coming
off the Vatican,
spreading
like spider veins on a
leg.
They
go
up into France. I
see Notre Dame.
These
are
underground
veins.
As they reach the main point,
they
spring
out into little
veins
representing
small churches,
main cathedrals,
and gatherings—like the
stars of a
firework spreading from
the source.
This will be a shaking in Europe.
As it goes down to South
America,
another trail spreads over
Mexico,
bringing
an
exposure
of what you have seen in the past. There
will be
more uncovering from
the past with a new
Snowden
concerning the Catholic
Church—an
uncovering
of
underground
tentacles
and
a cleansing.
You think what will come in 2026 is
just about the charismatic and
seeker-friendlies?
I am cleansing my church,
my whole bride,
which
does not belong to one denomination. I
am
bringing them all to my side for a
cleansing in every arena, tribe,
and tongue.
This
relates
to
Corinthians 5:5.
It
is not just one denomination
or
one tent;
you must think bigger.
Judgment begins in the house of the
Lord first.
It
is
all tents. A great exposing,
cleaning,
and
sifting
are
coming.
A
great revival will be known,
and great new leaders will rise up.
I
see
a cleansing of what was like an
infected
war wound.
You've
taken a garment to hide
it from
the
enemy, but they know because of the stench. You
think you're hiding the rot,
but the infection is deep.
This includes the Vatican; it
has
tentacled out. You
try to bury it, but there is a war wound
on the side, and even with a garment hiding it, it stinks. There's
a stench in the spirit. The Lord says that to
have
healthy life, you must cut out the
stench
and sew it up. You must fix,
cleanse, and purify it.
You can't sew up
an infected wound
or
ignore it, because it will
eventually
kill you.
A new Edward Snowden, a white man, will
come on the scene.
A shaking to
awaken.
I
remember seeing a black swan
event where the Vatican was on fire,
trying
to bring reverence back to it
because they
are
losing the
younger generation.
With this
exposure,
people
flee. They try to draw
reverence
because they are losing their status, like
celebrities
who
do something stupid to
stay
in the media.
People are picketing in America and Europe. They are protesting.
It will make Epstein's list look like a picnic
or a
child's playground.
This is much darker than Epstein's list, which is a distraction to the real list. The Lord says this has been going on for generations, and the infection is deeper than you realize. It is a stench before me. This is what I warned you about—the stench before my throne. Child pedophilia involving politics, sports figures, and big ministers will make Epstein's list look like
an
afternoon picnic.
A new Edward Snowden
is
coming—a
leaker
or
a hacker.
I see that prince again
whose
title was stripped away.
It
will
be
a
great, embarrassing day.
I see
a
demon that
looks
like a
big
bat; it
goes
into the
United States
and
Canada. More
is
to come.
You
will begin
to
see this
across
multiple
continents,
into Africa,
and
the Philippines.
In the islands,
hurry.
I see a paper trail
of secret reports that never made it out.
Many complaints were filed.
I see
a file
cabinet
with
stacks of
documented complaints that
were buried.
Documented is the word I'm hearing:
documented complaints.
And it goes for decades.
This is not just our generation. This
is decades. I'm talking clear back a
hundred
years—many
years. But it goes out
like
tentacles.
It all comes back to the source.
And as a firework goes like this, it
spreads all over.
Complaints from all over come back to the
main source,
but it starts with the little ones and spreads
to the big ones.
It's a spirit,
a demon that looks like a bat.
And this bat is a massive dragon
with
wings that spread out
so
wide.
It
has
massive black wings that look like
dragon wings, with a dragon face and a
streak of yellow that looks like
armor on the breastplate
with cream color. It goes
yellow-creamish
and
fades into a purple that goes
straight into dark black. The
face has lavender,
black, and dark purple on this
dragon's face with wings that spread
out. It has claws on the ends of its wings,
and it was over Europe and Romania—that
area—all
the way
to
the Vatican.
It's stationed toward the east and
facing
toward the west.
So, it's symbolic. The Lord
is
trying to tell you about
the files,
you know. We have to
write it down, like in
the margins.
The file cabinets
are gray
with manila folders
like that.
You can see
the dates of the years, and each one
lines the hall.
So it will be, and you will see
that there is an uncovering;
a leak will begin to
leak. I see a dam and a
crack in the
dam
of information. There's a crack and
a leak, and the leak will begin to
speak.
The leak will begin to
speak—a
new Edward Snowden.
Hallelujah.
Motion, emotion.
It's
best to keep this open.
That's what He's saying: it's
best to keep this
open.
Don't ignore it.
That's what this person is
saying. It's best to
keep it open.
It's close to the person's heart because
it happened to someone he loved.
He's reacting because of someone
he loved;
it's not out of malice or
revenge, but
out of
grief
and
sorrow.
Embarrassment.
I hear the word
embarrassment—humiliated.
Echoes inside of
this.
The pain inside echoes.
It's
hard to bear this.
Hurry, he's running
out of time.
There's more to know.
Save the See. Save the See. Save the
See.
I don't know if I should say what I'm
saying.
It's quite disgusting.
Is it concerning the leaker?
Is it that the person is in Europe?
No. Be still.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
Ladies and gentlemen, people are just
people.
There's a demon behind this
to ruin the innocence of children.
It's a
demonic spirit that craves this.
It's the
trafficking,
the tunnels, the lights
in
the tunnels. There's much more to
this. This has been
going on for
a long time.
It's sickening.
In
every denomination,
there's something going on.
It's a demonic spirit.
We wrestle not against flesh and blood.
When people get in
power, if they don't stay in the
Word and
separate themselves,
it becomes
religious. It's the Pharisees.
It's not about relationship; it becomes
works to some folks. So you
preach behind a pulpit and do these
things, but there's no true relationship
with Him. That's why the Lord
remembered
earlier: there
are
people in the pulpit who have backslidden
and are
on their way to
hell, thinking they're right
when
they're not.
And you say, 'Well, how is that
possible, Brandon?'I don't believe in once
saved, always saved,
and neither does the Lord.
This was heavy tonight.
Thank God for the refreshing at the
start
before He showed me this,
because it really bothers me.
Thank You, Father, for the refreshing at
the start.
I knew this. I was
asking,
'What do You have? What's fixing to
happen?'And
when I see this,
it's
a mess.
Is there anything else, Lord,
You want me to tell?
Everything He
says, He wants documented.
What you're doing
is
documented in the
spirit realm,
spoken out for what's coming.
He's cleansing His church. He's
drawing the bride to
His
side. Remember the
girl with the tutu? He's bringing the
bride to His side
from
every tribe and every tongue.
It's not just about the Charismatics
or
the
seeker-friendlies.
He's
talking about the body. He's cleansing
the body.
He said judgment begins in His house
first.
Major cleansing is coming.
It'll be like Tommy Hicks'vision,
where
the giant rises up and there's no
religion. It's all one body forming one
major
mouthpiece—that
Jesus Christ is coming and every tribe
and every tongue.
Hallelujah. He cares that much for
every single one of us.
He cares for the people who were
victims in this.
Father, I thank You, Lord,
for everything You have in store. He's
such a good God.
He's coming
and cleaning His church.
Things are going to
look a lot different soon.
He's not up there mad
at us. He's
saying,
'We have to get this taken care of because I'm
coming
back.'It's
not out of lack of mercy; He's out of time.
Hallelujah.
Oh
Lord,
have mercy.
have mercy
on me.
Now I understand this song.
It all flows together,
doesn't
it?
Lord, have mercy on me. He's
talking about the bride. You have to talk
to Him. Lord, have mercy.
We
have
all sinned and come
short of the glory.
It's not just what I'm
seeing; it's in every area of life.
First
Corinthians
5:5—that's
the heartbeat tonight.
He's drawing you to His side. The gold,
the glory, and the
girls—taking
the glory, messing around with
money, or doing wrong
with women, men, or even kids.
It's sin.
All have sinned
and come short of the glory of God.
The Lord wants to tell you
tonight: it's time to repent.
If you're here,
I don't want you to expose yourself;
that's between you and God. But I want
to tell you tonight,
this next little bit of time is
what will
affect your
eternity.
If you've never
experienced a relationship with Jesus
Christ, if you've never asked
Him
to be your Lord and personal
Savior, or if you are one of these
people I'm talking about—the gold,
the glory, and the
girls—and
you know
you're in sin, it's time. You know, you need to
repent and turn away from your sin.
You're out of time. You're running out
of time. Jesus Christ is coming
and he's bringing the church by his
side.
For
all have sinned and fallen short of
glory, and the sin separates us from
Him.
You must repent and repent now. Turn
from your sin. You must ask Jesus
Christ to forgive you and cleanse you
from all unrighteousness tonight.
Sin is a stench before the
Father's nose.
The Bible says, 'Where sin abounds, grace
does much more abound.'His grace is
sufficient for you tonight to repent and
turn from your wicked ways. Jesus said
it over and over again, 'Go and sin no
more, lest the worst thing come upon
you.'Sin
no more. He didn't say live in your
sin or stay in your sin. Well, you know,
it's okay, My grace is sufficient
for you for that day. Yeah, it is. But
he didn't say to stay in it.
Well, 'I'm going to live the way I want
to live.'Well, you're in trouble. He's
cleaning his church right now. He's
cleaning the people that are just
habitually living the way they want to
live.
He wants us to live pure unto him. He
wants us to live holy unto him. We all
mess up, folks. But we don't
deliberately practice this and live this
way. We must turn away from this.
To repent is to turn away from.
So today is your day. If you're here
tonight and you've never made the Lord
Jesus Christ your Lord and Savior, if
you say, 'Well, I know a lot
about him,'that's why I always say it
over and over again.
You may know a lot about
Jesus, but does he know you?
Tonight's
your night; I want you to
repeat this prayer after me. If you're
here tonight and you may be backsliding,
you may be a preacher and you're
watching me and you know you've got
hidden stuff going on in your
pulpit—you're
messing around on your wife,
you're messing around on your
husband—you
may be
doing bad with the church finances.
You're spending the money and you're not
doing with the designated funds like you
should. You're out spending the money
and you go, 'Well, this is
designated funds,'and you're doing
stuff. You're in fraud,
and if they caught you, you'd spend a
long time in jail or prison.
You need to repent and turn away from
this and make it right quickly. Your door
of opportunity is closing.
You need to repent and turn from this.
Say, 'Father, as of tonight, I'm
making a
change.'I
want to say a simple prayer,
but tonight's your night for a
turnaround.
I want you to confess it, admit it, and
quit it, and turn away from it.
Jesus,
I want a new clean start tonight. I've
messed up. I know I was tempted and
I fell. I've never experienced you. Maybe
the other crowd is: I've never been a
Christian before, I've never done this.
But Father, either way, I'm coming home
tonight.
I want a fresh, clean start. I've got doors
open. I've messed up. I've let the devil
in and he's wreaking havoc in my life.
But tonight, God, I'm coming to you
broken. I'm coming to you just messed
up, and I can't do this anymore. I can't
keep pretending. I can't keep living
this way. I've opened doors and the
devil's just eaten my lunch. And Father,
I repent and I turn from my sins right
now. I ask you to come into my heart. I
ask you to be my Lord and personal
Savior. I turn my back on the world. I
turn my back on the devil. I turn my
back on the sin. I turn my back on the
open doors. And from this day forward,
Lord, I serve you with all my heart. I'm
sold out to you again. I'm coming home.
I need a fresh, clean start.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me. I ask
you to wash me in your blood. Cleanse me
from all unrighteousness. And from this
day forward, Lord, I'll serve you
forevermore.
Father, I'll do
whatever it takes to make the wrong
right.
I'll make it right.
Forgive me. Thank you, Lord, for
forgiving me. But, Father, I'll make the
wrong right.
Thank you, Father,
in Jesus'mighty name.
I thank you, Lord, that you wrote my
name tonight in the Lamb's Book of Life
to those who have never been saved
before.
Thank you, Father, that today's my day
for a new day in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen. I believe for those that
just repented and asked Jesus
to forgive you, it's washed in the
blood. But make the wrongs right.
Clean
start over tonight. Don't keep being bad
with the church. Don't keep doing these
things. Don't keep cheating on your
wife. You've got to make this stuff
right.
The marriage bed is holy.
You don't defile it.
Men, stop it. Women, stop it. Repent and
turn.
Tonight's the night for a fresh, clean
start. But you've got to make some
wrongs right.
Father, forgive me; I ask you to cleanse
me.
But don't keep going back to the dog
like
its vomit. That's
what I was trying to say; my words
are
getting jumbled up. But if you're here
and that ministered to you and
you just prayed that prayer with me
and you just accepted Jesus
Christ, I want you to be bold
about it in the comment section. Say,
'Tonight's my night. I have a fresh clean
start.'You
don't have to say what you
did, but 'I got a fresh, clean start
tonight. Tonight's my fresh, clean
start. I believe that today is my day
for a new day. Tomorrow's going to be
different.'Comment
in the comment section: 'Tonight's my fresh night. Tonight's a fresh night for me.'I don't want you to come in there and tell your drama, but I want you to say,
'Tonight's my fresh night.
I have
a brand new start today. Jesus took it
all.'And
we want to rejoice with you. We want to
know
who's here tonight and feels that
tug in your heart. You
repented, and we want
to rejoice with you for your decision
tonight. We're not here to shame
you. We're not here to condemn you.
We're here to help pull you out of that
ditch and send you on your way and say,
'Listen, you've got what it takes to
make this right. You've got what it
takes to walk by faith and not by sight.
You've got what it takes to make your
heart right before the
Father.'Jesus
is coming, folks. It's not time to play
church anymore. We don't have time
to be playing church. We've got to come
up higher with the fire in these
last days,
and there's so many people that are
walking in compromise because the Lord
keeps bringing up, 'Pray for these
people.'So,
we just love on you. We
praise God for you. There's 41 of you
that gave your heart to Jesus Christ.
Braden's
saying, 'Praise the
Lord.'Thank
the Lord for it. Amen and amen.
Well, if you're here and you just gave
your heart to Jesus Christ and you don't
have a Bible, Diana and I would like to
give you your first Bible for free. We
love you. We want to celebrate your
decision. So, if you're here tonight and
you never accepted one or don't have a Bible,
Diana tell you how to
get it.
If you prayed this prayer on this
channel and you don't have a Bible,
just go on down into the description
below and you'll find our email address,
and then just put, 'I need a
Bible'and
your name and address and we
will get one to you.
We're so excited.
And we're never going to solicit you;
we're not trying to bother you. We just
want to rejoice with you that you
gave your heart to Jesus tonight.
And then I want to say this.
I've been getting
Christmas candy and things in the
mail. People have been trying to be a
blessing and I love every single one of
you. But save your money; I'm not going
to eat it. If you send me
something—I
got a really expensive package from
Dubai today,
food items from the Middle East.
It was fruit
and whatever. I've spoken out really
bad against the Muslim people and
the antichrist. All that to say, I'm not
going to eat that. I don't know who you
are and I don't know if you're trying
to poison me or not. I know there
are
some good people out there who think,
'I just want to be a blessing to him.'I'm
going to
tell you this; I'm going to
be polite with you: I will not
eat your food. I have said a lot about a
lot, and I don't know who is a friend and who
is
a foe. So, do not send me Christmas
cookies or candy.
Don't try to send my kids candy, and
don't send me fruit from another
company saying that you're from Dubai
and you love me and you want to give me
something. There are a lot of Muslims
in Dubai and we pray for
them,
but I am not going to take the chance of
you trying to poison me or harm my
family with your food because
I don't know who you are.
I
don't want threats or whatever,
but I'm not going to give any place for
the devil. So, save your money and bless
somebody in your local community with
that. We love you. I'm trying
to be polite about it, but I just want
to let you know: please don't send
kids'candy,
cookies, or food items to my
kids or to me. We're not going to eat
it; it's going to go into the garbage.
It's
just something I have to do. We have
a lot of people who do not like us,
and it's not an offensive thing.
I don't want to keep going over this,
but we got a lot of it today in
the mail, and I was like, 'I'm not eating
this; we
can't.'A
lot of love to everyone, but
regarding
cookies and
candies—spoil
your grandkids, have fun with
them, and bless your family.
We are excited for you and want
you to enjoy
your family in the Christmas season. We
love Christmas, but food items are off
the table. God bless you,
and
thank you for joining us tonight.
We appreciate every single one of
you.
We love you all so
much—all
6,600 of you that are here
tonight. We love it when you come and
pray with us.
The Lord
has instructed me; He wants me to do
some live and some not, and just upload
because there are certain things He
reveals to me when I get in this
prophetic mantle. When it comes on
me, He said, 'I don't want you
sharing that with the public
anymore.'I'm
surprised this was one that He would
talk about.
He said there would
be days that I record off-camera
and
off live stream that we will just upload
later. Braden can edit it, and
I'm
keeping it for my records. There
are
certain things now He does not want out;
He wants me just to have them. I
pray over it and I'm able to filter
it and give it to you in a way that you
don't know what I'm saying sometimes.
But I'm just
letting you all know that's why we're not
doing live every single day. We're
uploading things and trying to
figure out what the Holy Spirit
is
telling us to do. We're doing
this at least three times a week because
I told the Lord I'm going to do
three times a week right now, and I'm
trying to figure out what He's wanting
me to do. But I'm trying
to upload every day. Does that make
sense?
Everybody asks, 'Is this
live?'and
I'm like, 'No, it's not
live.'It's
a
fresh video for you.
We'll be doing regular videos and
lives.
This is our live stream and it's
really late at night; it was almost
three hours for you.
I can't believe that. The time
goes so fast for us.
You can drive
to Texas in that time; if you had a
road trip, you could go a long way in
three hours. You could go to
Branson, Missouri. So, God
bless you all. We love you. Remember,
we'll see you again soon. Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you. God
bless you all. Have a great night.
Bye-bye.